I can feel lost sometimes, like I'm drifting out to sea.
When troubles in my life take me far from kingdom realities, but I'm never left in
the lurch.
Jehovah hears and sends out the surf.
He finds me, lifts me up in his arms.
He carries me from, brings me back to his fold, my home, my family.
I am never alone when I'm home.
It's a shelter from the storm, where I find peace and rest, and loving friends will
bring out the very best, so if you find your route on your own, Jehovah will hear your
cries to come home.
He'll find you, serving him was your best choice, your home, your family.
You are never alone when you're home.
We're so happy to see you found you, lifted you up in his arms.